awesome instant automated coins check
out the FIFA shot okay okay and is the
code 310 for a discount of every single
one of yours at the checkout or if
Mike's a point and PSN codes are more
your sort of thing check out Jeter a
calm and use the code TV I three for a
discount there as well hey guys how's it
going to me i'm about to play the video
here on my channel looking back to the
potential january upgrades we got three
new players to discuss in this episode
if you have any more let me know in the
comments section below that be
absolutely awesome if you don't enjoy it
give the video a thumbs up always so so
grateful let's get strange episode and
the first one is going to be now though
currently has two in the forms and this
is that one of the players that i invest
in myself i picked his inform up the
second inform for about 23 k which is
crazy but nonetheless he's got an 80
rated gold card and i think it should be
upgraded to an 81 rated gold card he's
been playing very very well really
impressive as a defender in the
Bundesliga for false words and I think
he's genuinely really deserve it up and
upgrade it be a really solid card as
well 73 pays 85 defending semsem
physical like they are stats just below
his current 81 in foam which is actually
listen to do they tend to take these
stats of the first inform if they do
happen and then drop those down just a
little bit and that is what the upgrade
card it could be an 82 rated cards we
felt like these stats maybe they are a
little bit generous but we shall have
see cuz his first inform was actually
upgraded a lot like it was a pretty
hefty upgrade to some of his stats
there's a lot of them that went up by
plus 4 which is pretty impressive next
I'm going to talk about is man yogurt
say 80 pay since for shooting 82 passing
89 dribbling on an overall 85 rated gold
card and it is a very very good card
indeed i've only used it once in the
team that did it was a strong strong
card on all the team he's been doing
really well playing fantastically and i
think to be fair he probably should have
had an 86 rated card for his performance
last season adornment like i don't know
y su that 85 rated is is
i rated but i think his performance
really should have been at age six
Rangers card for this year anyway so
that's kind of why I'm upgrading him I
like I feel like this should have been
his card anyway but let me know what
your opinions are on Mario good side
being true because it's the one that I
was really not sure but I thought cover
it and see what you guys think with 16
games seven goals two assists days as a
solid record indeed as just in the
Bundesliga the ones today I've only got
for what they've done in the league so I
want to see what you guys thought about
that but let me know in the conversation
your thoughts and opinions on that one
next one and the final one of this
episode is going to be song from West
Ham 71 pace 78 defending 73 physical on
a non rare 17 animated gold card and I
think he's been so influential to west
and the season he's just been such a
brilliant player in that midfield and I
do think it is as an upgrade to an 81
rated card now he could actually be
upgraded to a rare card if he does get
an upgrade i think i'd be really really
awesome but i mean in terms of like
games two goals and assists ratio it's
not that amazing it's nothing to write
home about but i think he's really been
playing well and if you've been watching
him i think you'll agree that i hope
you'll agree i don't know what you guys
think in the comment section down below
but that would be a really good card and
a hope i really hope they did get
upgraded to a rare card because when the
Gold's non rare you kind of disregard it
a bit and I think it'd be a very very
appealing Center defensive mid for
people have BPL teams on older team and
generally hybrids as well it'd be pretty
cool I think he is definitely deserved
of an upgrade Olivia a really cool card
as well but 15 games when I said three
can clean sheets like I said it's not
the most amazing record but i think the
way he's been playing has been superb so
let me know who you think will be
upgraded hope you have enjoyed today's
video if you have leave a like and
subscribe for some more for myself but
take a guys have an amazing day and
goodbye